feat: adds allow-list commands (#1223)
salesforcecli/plugin-trust: messages/allow-list.add.md

# summary

> Add plugins to the unsigned plugin allow-list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add plugins to the plugin allowlist.
```

Reviewer: [These docs](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_setup.meta/sfdx_setup/sfdx_setup_allowlist.htm) use `allowlist`, so keeping it consistent.  And I removed "unsigned" because it felt a tad confusing to me -- I added a note in the description about unsigned plugins.  But in the end it's up to you.

# description

> Adds one or more plugins to the `unsignedPluginAllowList.json` file, creating the file if it doesn't exist. Plugins already present in the allow-list are skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command adds one or more plugins to the `unsignedPluginAllowList.json` file, creating the file if it doesn't exist. Plugins already present in the allowlist are skipped.
```

# examples

> - Add a single plugin to the allow-list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a single plugin to the allowlist:
```

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --name @scope/my-plugin

> - Add multiple plugins to the allow-list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add multiple plugins to the allowlist:
```

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --name @scope/my-plugin --name another-plugin

# flags.name.summary

> The npm name of the plugin to add to the allow-list. Multiple names can be added in one invocation by repeating the `--name` flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The npm name of the plugin to add to the allowlist. Add multiple plugins by specifying the `--name` flag multiple times.
```
